you have to realize
these are the most dangerous waves in the world
I was pretty shaken
l
on the other side of paradise
despite some temporary worries victims
I do not know the right to die
that's the reason for living
while we can say
we must never
you've already kicked
as for her only addition is super good
to be the best
three people had died
you have to take all the risks
brandishing the output trump master
he also felt
selection for the media is this time he went out to believe it
there are moments besides everything is possible
I know what it means to you I do not want you to ask for a quote
that it could have been worse
to be afraid and you pay to shoot an ad
when the dough